---
job_id: Bas-2732
date: 2025-10-23
category: 
status: Unsuccessful
amount_gbp: 23700.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: adf7475f-82b2-4df1-9302-23659284963b
sm8_uuid: 6319c51d-c636-4c3d-b70f-236595483c0d
---

# Bas-2732

**Date:** 2025-10-23 | **Status:** Unsuccessful | **Category:** 

## Amount
**GBP 23,700.00**

## Address
Winch Road, Sittingbourne ME9 8PX

## Billing Address
1, Gemini Business Park Hornet Way Beckton, E16 4TL

## Description
_No description_

## Work Done
1) To rip out and remove the old lift from site

and

2) To design, manufacture, supply and install one Vertical Rise platform lift.

Specifications:

Finish: Painted carriage and upper level landing
gate with polycarbonate infills
Useable platform area: 900 mm x 1400 mm
Integral ramp: Eliminates the requirement for a
pit – minimises building work
Maximum safe working load:
500 kg up to 2 m
Maximum travel: 2000mm
Minimum travel: 750 mm
Rated speed: 0.06 metres per second
Power supply electrical requirements:
Dedicated 240 V AC~ 50 Hz 13 A single phase
RCD Protected Supply
Low voltage operating system: 12 VDC
Hydraulic oil grade: HV122
Operating temperature range: -10 °C to +40 °C
Safety: Safety surfaces protect against entrapment
below the platform. The lift has battery back-up for
emergency lowering only. Hose burst valve on the ram.
Chequer plate floor.
Lifting mechanism:
Direct acting hydraulic drive system
IP rating: Control stations IP53X

Optional Extras:

Remote key isolate (radio isolate): £ 230.00
Additional key fob: £ 75.00
Lower-level free standing switch post: £ 250.00

Unforeseen Work:
Please note that the above price does not include for any unforeseen work. Should any unforeseen work be found, then we will contact you immediately to discuss.

**UNLESS EXPRESSLY DETAILED, THE QUOTE DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY BUILDERS WORKS OR DECORATION


**Offered Subject to Final Survey**


TERMS OF PAYMENT:
50% Deposit
45% 4 weeks prior to the agreed delivery date
5% Upon installation date

(If payment terms are not met by the above deadlines, delivery and/or installation will be delayed.)

LEAD TIME: 8-10 working weeks from approval of drawings (excluding Summer and Christmas shutdown periods). To be confirmed at the time of order. 

OFF-SITE STORAGE: £165.00 per lift per week (applicable after 1 week delay)

No retentions will be applicable.  

LIQUIDATED DAMAGES – the maximum we will accept is 1% of the lift price, per week, up to a maximum of 8 weeks.

DAY WORK RATE:  
£970.00 (return chargeable visit)
Aborted installations or deliveries due to reasons out of our control will incur any associated transportation & hire equipment costs.

WARRANTY:
The lift is offered with a 12-month manufacturer’s parts warranty, which is subject to regular maintenance being carried out in accordance with the manufacturer’s recommendations. Base can provide a 12-month service contract, which is available as a separate negotiation, unless stated as included. 

CANCELLATION: min £500 +VAT, subject to stage of completion.

DELIVERY: Delivery and offloading included, providing we have clear and level access from the point of offloading.

*The quotation assumes the commission and test can be completed following installation to avoid the cost of a return visit. 

("Subject to final survey" can change product footprinting design)

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 6319c51d-c636-4c3d-b70f-236595483c0d
- **Company UUID:** adf7475f-82b2-4df1-9302-23659284963b
- **Quote Date:** 2025-10-23 16:08:42
