---
job_id: Bas-2823
date: 2025-11-04
category: General Repair Works-(Field Service)
status: Completed
amount_gbp: 6457.2
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: True
payment_received: True
completion_date: 2026-03-07
company_uuid: 93bcd3ab-bafa-4eb2-9a80-22894e3a521b
sm8_uuid: d420bbe9-b4fa-41cb-8d2a-23710376136d
---

# Bas-2823

**Date:** 2025-11-04 | **Status:** Completed | **Category:** General Repair Works-(Field Service)

## Amount
**GBP 6,457.20**

## Address
London E16 2PX

## Billing Address
Hartmann Rd London, E16 2PX

## Description
Hydraulic Passenger Lift - 630kg Lester Controls Almega - 4 stop - Serial No: CP70693
The carriage trailing flexes have previously been temporarily repaired which are inadequately insulated. New trailing flexes should be sorted to the lift. The trailing flex hangars are incomplete and this is why the flexes have fallen and are hanging incorrectly- should be refitted correctly with new trailers hung correctly. 
Role slack test air chording is messy and should be tied up correctly between periodic inspections. Any defect of this will await LOLER inspection.

OUT OF HOURS

As previously discussed, could we schedule this for a Friday? The engineers can begin works on the CAH lift before 10pm and then move to the concourse lift after the airport closes at 10pm

## Work Done
Hydraulic Passenger Lift - 630kg Lester Controls Almega - 4 stop - Serial No: CP70693
The carriage trailing flexes have previously been temporarily repaired which are inadequately insulated. New trailing flexes should be sorted to the lift. The trailing flex hangars are incomplete and this is why the flexes have fallen and are hanging incorrectly- should be refitted correctly with new trailers hung correctly. 
Role slack test air chording is messy and should be tied up correctly between periodic inspections. Any defect of this will await LOLER inspection.
Supply and fit new GSM autodialler with 3 new sim card

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | Yes |
| Payment Received | Yes |
| Completion Date | 2026-03-07 |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** d420bbe9-b4fa-41cb-8d2a-23710376136d
- **Company UUID:** 93bcd3ab-bafa-4eb2-9a80-22894e3a521b
- **Quote Date:** 2026-02-24 16:05:08
