---
job_id: Bas-2077
date: 2025-07-24
category: 
status: Quote
amount_gbp: 34800.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: c413ba60-ce4f-4d52-808b-230a6b58954b
sm8_uuid: 9d09dacb-e487-4aa5-85d4-230a6a8d24cd
---

# Bas-2077

**Date:** 2025-07-24 | **Status:** Quote | **Category:** 

## Amount
**GBP 34,800.00**

## Address
Tides Leisure Centre, Park Ave, Deal CT14 9UU,

## Billing Address
Tides Leisure Centre, Park Ave, Deal CT14 9UU,

## Description
The basic specifications of the lifts we require are provided below for your reference.

•	The design, supply, installation of the 2 nr. Lifts (1nr. lift to be executed as a platform lift -exchange of the existing lift in an existing building / staircase).
•	The door height is 2100mm.
•	The exchanged lift must be suitable for use by a sports wheelchair. Could you please also specify the necessary door dimensions for this?

## Work Done
1) To rip out and remove the existing unit from site

&

2) To design, manufacture, supply, install and test one Vertical Platform Lift

PRINCIPAL DATA:

Type: Base PublicLift Access
Drive system: Stationary screw and rotating nut
Lubrication: Automatic
Capacity: 410kg (5 persons)
Speed: 0.15 m/s
Travel: 1300 mm
No of stops: 2
Configuration: Through Car

SPACE REQUIREMENT / FLOOR APERTURE:

Width: 1505 mm (-0 +15 mm)
Depth: 1630 mm (-0 +15 mm)
Pit depth: 50 mm (-0 + 10mm)
Headroom: 2240 mm minimum

LIFT ENCLOSURE:

Width: 1475 mm
Depth: 1600 mm
Construction: Cladding on 4 sides in white vinyl coated double skinned steel panels filled with EPS polystyrene. Includes partial cladding on the outside of machine side at the top floor.
Lighting: LED lighting in the ceiling
Fire rating: None

LIFTING PLATFORM:

Width: 1100mm
Depth: 1480mm
Height: 1100 mm console to one long side. Powder coated white RAL 9016
Handrail: Grey handrail to one side on console with LED down-lights
Flooring: Vinyl, Armstrong Protech (light grey)
Safety edge: Three sides of platform floor and to top edge of console
Lighting: Controls illuminated (battery backup)

DOORS:

Type: 1 x GL swing doors fully glazed, 1 x EI60 Swing fire door
No of doors: 2
Fire rating: One hour fire rating on EI60 Door only
Clear opening: 900 x 2000 mm
Door frame: Integral to shaft enclosure
Finishes: Door and frames white powder coated (RAL 9016).
Furniture: Furniture Grey (Anodic colour Natura)
Glass: Glass panel
Door operation: Automatic opening with concealed self closer
Electrically & mechanically interlocked


ELECTRICAL DETAILS & POWER REQUIREMENT

Supply: 230V, 1ph, 20A, 50Hz
Supply location: Lockable isolator within 2 metres and in view of the electrical cabinet located at the upper landing level
Motor: 2.2 kW
Motor voltage: 400V, 3ph, 50Hz
Starting current: 18 Amp
Running current: 4.7 Amp
Controller voltage: 48V, 1ph, 50Hz
Emergency lowering: Manual winding device
Initiation: Soft start


CONTROL EQUIPMENT:

Control system: Microprocessor based with service memory facility
Operation: Platform - constant pressure button / Landings - one touch
Face plate: Natural anodised aluminium with coloured text
Push buttons: Flush & tactile
Platform console: Destination, alarm and emergency stop buttons,
Landings: Call button with green halo indication
Alarm: External audible sounder
Pit prop: Manual with electrical interlock
Fire alarm interface: Volt free contacts
Call and send facility: Initiated from platform
Communication: GSM Autodialler providing two way voice communications (required EN81-41)

STANDARD: The unit is type tested and CE marked in accordance with the
Revised European Machinery Directive (2006/42/EC)

DOCUMENTATION: 1 copy of Operation & Maintenance manual


OPTIONAL EXTRAS:

- Voice synthesiser with directional indication on platform; £570.00
- L-bracket to fix to upper level threshold (required if not flush against a side wall): £410.00
- Finishing Works (Making Good): £2,000.00 (per floor)

**UNLESS EXPRESSLY DETAILED, THE QUOTE DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY BUILDERS WORKS OR DECORATION


**Offered Subject to Final Survey**

TERMS OF PAYMENT:
50% Deposit
45% 4 weeks prior to the agreed delivery date
5% Upon installation date

(If payment terms are not met by the above deadlines, delivery and/or installation will be delayed.)

LEAD TIME: 10-14 working weeks from approval of drawings (excluding Summer and Christmas shutdown periods). To be confirmed at the time of order. 

OFF-SITE STORAGE: £165.00 per lift per week (applicable after 1 week delay)

No retentions will be applicable.  

LIQUIDATED DAMAGES – the maximum we will accept is 1% of the lift price, per week, up to a maximum of 8 weeks.

DAY WORK RATE:  
£970.00 (return chargeable visit)
Aborted installations or deliveries due to reasons out of our control will incur any associated transportation & hire equipment costs.

WARRANTY:
The lift is offered with a 12-month manufacturer’s parts warranty, which is subject to regular maintenance being carried out in accordance with the manufacturer’s recommendations. Base can provide a 12-month service contract, which is available as a separate negotiation, unless stated as included. 

CANCELLATION: min £500 +VAT, subject to stage of completion.

*The quotation assumes the commission and test can be completed following installation to avoid the cost of a return visit. 

("Subject to final survey" can change product footprinting design)

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 9d09dacb-e487-4aa5-85d4-230a6a8d24cd
- **Company UUID:** c413ba60-ce4f-4d52-808b-230a6b58954b
- **Quote Date:** 2025-07-24 15:32:56
