---
job_id: Bas-2903
date: 2025-11-12
category: 
status: Unsuccessful
amount_gbp: 25200.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: cd697035-267d-4cd3-8c52-237484e04cdb
sm8_uuid: 8e10cd66-1171-48b8-a380-2379aa56883d
---

# Bas-2903

**Date:** 2025-11-12 | **Status:** Unsuccessful | **Category:** 

## Amount
**GBP 25,200.00**

## Address
218 St John St, London EC1V 4AT

## Billing Address
1, Gemini Business Park Hornet Way Beckton, E16 4TL

## Description
_No description_

## Work Done
1) To rip out and remove the existing lift from site

&

2) To design, manufacture, supply, install and test one-off Public Building (hydraulic) vertical platform lift, incorporating upper and lower level electrically interlocked gates, radio isolation key fob.

Travel: 810mm (TBC)

Platform Size 1100mm x 1400mm with a safe working load of 385KG.

Unforeseen Work:
Please note that the above price does not include for any unforeseen work. Should any unforeseen
work be found, then we will contact you immediately to discuss.

**Unless expressly detailed, the quote does not include any builders’ works or decoration.**

**Offered subject to final survey.**

Terms of Payment:
- 50% deposit
- 45% 4 weeks prior to agreed delivery date
- 5% upon installation date

(If payment terms are not met by the above deadlines, delivery and/or installation will be delayed.)

Lead Time:
- 10–12 working weeks from approval of drawings (excluding summer and Christmas shutdown periods). To be confirmed at time of order.

Off-site Storage:
- £165.00 per lift per week (applicable after 1 week delay)

No retentions will be applicable.

Liquidated Damages:
- Maximum 1% of the lift price per week, up to a maximum of 8 weeks

Day Work Rate:
- £970.00 (return chargeable visit)
- Aborted installations or deliveries due to reasons out of our control will incur associated transportation and hire equipment costs

Warranty:
- 12-month manufacturer’s parts warranty, subject to regular maintenance in accordance with the manufacturer’s recommendations. A 12-month service contract is available as a separate negotiation unless otherwise stated.

Cancellation:
- Minimum £500 + VAT, subject to stage of completion

Delivery:
- Delivery and offloading included, provided there is clear and level access from the point of offloading.

*The quotation assumes commissioning and testing can be completed following installation to avoid the cost of a return visit.*

("Subject to final survey" may affect product footprint and design.)

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 8e10cd66-1171-48b8-a380-2379aa56883d
- **Company UUID:** cd697035-267d-4cd3-8c52-237484e04cdb
- **Quote Date:** 2025-11-12 19:17:57
