---
job_id: Bas-3934
date: 2026-03-04
category: General Repair Works-(Field Service)
status: Unsuccessful
amount_gbp: 8166.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: eb98769c-571e-48e4-b13d-22894606cddb
sm8_uuid: 2a945c7d-11c9-49fb-b364-23e93d28745d
---

# Bas-3934

**Date:** 2026-03-04 | **Status:** Unsuccessful | **Category:** General Repair Works-(Field Service)

## Amount
**GBP 8,166.00**

## Address
Bampton Court 33-35 Blakesley Avenue London W5 2DQ

## Billing Address
Bampton Court RTM Company Ltd C/O Colin Bibra Estate Agents Ltd 204 Northfield Avenue Ealing London, W13 9SJ

## Description
Passenger/Goodslift

SAFED TESTS    The hydraulic rupture valve should be tested if not done so within the past ten years and the results are made available for our perusal the next inspection visit. Please refer to SAFed document below Annex A. 18
Testing - £280

2.  The hydraulic anti-creep system should be tested if not done so within the past five years and the results are made available for our perusal the next inspection visit. Please refer to SAFed document below Annex A. 19
Testing - £175

The lift motor and door hatch is not locked. Rectification required. Photo1.
£290

2.   (D) There are nonessential items on the lift car top. Removal required. Photo2.
£0 To be done during service

3.   (R) The lift pit is littered and dirty. Cleaning recommended. Picture 3. 
£0 To be done during service

4.   (R)The cable inside the lift car is not terminated. Rectification recommended. Photo 4. 
£160

5.   (D) The is no guarding for entrance and exit to the lift motor and via the hatch. Rectification required. Photo 5. 
£1840

6.   (R) There are non-essential items in the lift motor room. Removal recommended. Photo 6. 
£0 To be done during service

7.   (R) ”* The lift hydraulic ram appears not to have a safety rupture valve. It is strongly recommended that this is fitted to the lift. *** 
£3600

8.   (D) There are no instructions for the manual lowering of the lift 
£140

9.   (D) Safety barrier to be retained on site  
£320

## Work Done
LOLER items Passenger/Goods lift

We will require a 50% deposit and 50% on completion

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 2a945c7d-11c9-49fb-b364-23e93d28745d
- **Company UUID:** eb98769c-571e-48e4-b13d-22894606cddb
- **Quote Date:** 2026-03-04 10:02:08
