---
job_id: Bas-3961
date: 2026-03-09
category: General Repair Works-(Field Service)
status: Quote
amount_gbp: 10848.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: 5c895a1b-a237-4ade-a05e-23e2607f9a1b
sm8_uuid: aa0ac110-7d46-4096-a03c-23ee4117a2ad
---

# Bas-3961

**Date:** 2026-03-09 | **Status:** Quote | **Category:** General Repair Works-(Field Service)

## Amount
**GBP 10,848.00**

## Address
39 St.George's Square Pimlico,  London  SW1V 3QN,

## Billing Address
39 St.George's Square Pimlico,  London  SW1V 3QN,

## Description
LOLER recommendation works (LOLER from Allianz attached)

1x Pickerings Passenger lift 4 Person/ 300 Kg
Serial: 812287
Install year: 1987
4 stop lift  (Basement to 3rd)

Situated in 4 story terraced house in the main Foyer

LOLER from Allianz:
The in car two-way emergency communication system (failed to connect/is 
inoperative). This should be investigated and rectified immediately.

Other Defects: 
Various landing push button illuminations are inoperative.
The hand winding floor level indicator/sounder is inoperative with the mains power supply isolated.
Various shaft light diffusers missing.
Hand wheel can be turned with brake applied - adjustment required.

Observations & Recommendations:
We strongly recommend an emergency stop safety edge be suitably fitted to the opening of the lift car to prevent entrapment or damage while persons are travelling in the moving lift car.

Emergency lighting should be provided in the machine room.
It is strongly recommended that access into the lift pit should be improved to enhance the safety of maintenance and inspection personnel.

The lift suspension ropes are rouging. They currently remain in a serviceable condition but this should be monitored by your service provider and remedial action taken.

All moving parts within the machine room should be suitably guarded.
We strongly recommend installing an upper maintenance limit to allow for 
safe egress from the car top upon activation.

We strongly recommend a sign be posted in the lift car saying " Stand clear of entrance during travel."

We strongly recommend Bristles be fitted to car edges to bridge the gap.

We strongly recommend the stop button be clearly marked for people to 
identify easily in emergency.

Recommend an apron plate be fitted to the lift car if clearances allow.

## Work Done
LOLER recommendations from Allianz for 1xPickerings Passenger lift 4 Person/ 300 Kg - 4 Stop Lift - Serial: 81228

We will require a 50% proforma invoice and then 50% upon completion

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** aa0ac110-7d46-4096-a03c-23ee4117a2ad
- **Company UUID:** 5c895a1b-a237-4ade-a05e-23e2607f9a1b
- **Quote Date:** 2026-03-09 09:07:55
