---
job_id: Bas-1615
date: 2025-06-12
category: New Installation
status: Quote
amount_gbp: 36057.6
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: a9319261-0d66-4cc7-9d9c-22e0758e5b7b
sm8_uuid: 53387261-3d94-434f-8a7b-22e07bebe74d
---

# Bas-1615

**Date:** 2025-06-12 | **Status:** Quote | **Category:** New Installation

## Amount
**GBP 36,057.60**

## Address
Ceeve Lodge, 11 Elmhurst Rd,  Goring, Reading  RG8 9BN

## Billing Address
Ceeve Lodge, 11 Elmhurst Rd, Goring, Reading RG8 9BN

## Description
1.	A quote to replace our existing passenger lift with a platform lift.
Christian Measure up on site

## Work Done
1) To rip out and remove the existing unit from the site.

2) To design, manufacture, supply, install, and test a one-off PLA Platform Lift.

OPTIONAL EXTRAS:

- 1100 x 1480 mm Platform: included
- Soft start: included
- Battery operated emergency lowering from platform: included
- Ceiling with inbuilt LED lighting on top of shaft enclosure: included
- School locking (key controlled access): included
- Arrival sounder: included
- 5 Year warranty on parts (conditions apply – see bottom of quotation): included
- Mi Tower for installation: included
- Two planned service visits within the first year: PRICE: £720.00
- Automatic door opener: PRICE PER DOOR: £782.00
- Type EI60 1 hour fire rated door: 2no included
- 736 mm high glass shaft panel: PRICE PER PANEL: £200.00
- GSM Autodialler on the platform (SIM Card by others): included
- Voice synthesiser with directional indication on platform: PRICE: £486.00
- Removal and disposal of existing lift: PRICE: £4,100.00
- Site protection: BY OTHERS
- Waste disposal of new lift packaging and offcuts: BY OTHERS
- Cladding on outside of machine side (required if not flush against a side wall): PRICE: £POA
- L-bracket to fix to upper level threshold (required if not flush against a side wall): PRICE: £337.00

Technical Specification:

1. PRINCIPAL DATA:
   - Type: Aritco PublicLift Access
   - Drive system: Stationary screw and rotating nut
   - Lubrication: Automatic
   - Capacity: 410kg (5 persons)
   - Speed: 0.15 m/s
   - Travel: 3000 mm
   - No of stops: 2
   - Configuration: Single entry

2. SPACE REQUIREMENT / FLOOR APERTURE:
   - Width: 1505 mm (-0 +15 mm)
   - Depth: 1630 mm (-0 +15 mm)
   - Pit depth: 50 mm (-0 + 10mm)
   - Headroom: 2220 mm minimum

3. LIFT ENCLOSURE:
   - Width: 1475 mm
   - Depth: 1600 mm
   - Construction: Cladding on 3 sides in white vinyl coated double skinned steel panels filled with EPS polystyrene. Without cladding on the outside of machine side (see additional features).
   - Lighting: LED lighting in the ceiling
   - Fire rating: None

4. LIFTING PLATFORM:
   - Width: 1100mm
   - Depth: 1480mm
   - Height: 1100 mm console to one long side. Powder coated white RAL 9016
   - Handrail: Grey handrail to one side on console with LED down-lights
   - Flooring: Vinyl, Armstrong Protech (light grey)
   - Safety edge: Three sides of platform floor and to top edge of console
   - Lighting: Controls illuminated (battery backup)

5. DOORS:
   - Type: EI60 Swing fire door
   - No of doors: 2
   - Fire rating: One hour fire rating
   - Clear opening: 900 x 2000 mm
   - Door frame: Integral to shaft enclosure
   - Finishes: Door and frames white powder coated (RAL 9016).
   - Furniture: Furniture Grey (Anodic colour Natura)
   - Glass: Glass panel
   - Door operation: Manual opening with concealed self closer
   - Electrically & mechanically interlocked

6. ELECTRICAL DETAILS & POWER REQUIREMENT:
   - Supply: 230V, 1ph, 20A, 50Hz
   - Supply location: Lockable isolator within 2 metres and in view of the electrical cabinet located at the upper landing level
   - Motor: 2.2 kW
   - Motor voltage: 400V, 3ph, 50Hz
   - Starting current: 18 Amp
   - Running current: 4.7 Amp
   - Controller voltage: 48V, 1ph, 50Hz
   - Emergency lowering: Manual winding device
   - Initiation: Soft start

7. CONTROL EQUIPMENT:
   - Control system: Microprocessor based with service memory facility
   - Operation: Platform - constant pressure button / Landings - one touch
   - Face plate: Natural anodised aluminium with coloured text
   - Push buttons: Flush & tactile
   - Platform console: Destination, alarm and emergency stop buttons
   - Landings: Key switch with green LED indication
   - Alarm: External audible sounder
   - Pit prop: Manual with electrical interlock
   - Fire alarm interface: Volt free contacts
   - Call and send facility: Initiated from platform
   - Communication: GSM Autodialler providing two way voice communications (required EN81-41)

8. STANDARD: The unit is type tested and CE marked in accordance with the Revised European Machinery Directive (2006/42/EC)

9. DOCUMENTATION: 1 copy of Operation & Maintenance manual

10. TRADE WARRANTY: 5 Years on components only from completion of installation*

* TRADE WARRANTY CONDITIONS

PLEASE NOTE: THE LIFT WARRANTY DOES NOT COVER DAMAGE CAUSED BY ANY OF THE FOLLOWING:
- Abuse, abnormal use, accident, force majeure, improper service, alteration, or removal of parts
- Operation of the Lift in a manner inconsistent with the recommended operation and duty cycle.
- Improper installation (proper installation specifications and techniques are set forth in the installation instructions for the Lift)
- Use of an accessory or part that was not manufactured, sold, or tested by Base
- Operation with oils, or lubricants that are not suitable for use with the Lift.
- Installation of a Lift in an environment or application not in line with Base’s recommendation.

The Base ‘Order to Installation’ Process

> Stage 1: Approval
Having placed your lift order with Base, you will be issued a ‘drawing for approval’. This is provided with several documents. A signed return of these documents is required for the lift to be approved and following this stage we will be able to confirm your installation week commencing date. 

>Stage 2: Adjustments Post Approval
Even after approval of the drawings, it may still be possible to make changes to your lift specification, although you will need to speak with the Installation Department to discuss your requirements. Please be aware that any changes at this stage will incur additional costs and are likely to effect the previously agreed installation date.

>Stage 3: Required Installation Date
If you have a particular requirement for an actual start date, then please ensure Base are given prior notice as in many circumstances this can be accommodated. Otherwise, your actual date for installation will be advised to you on the Thursday prior to the installation week.  Please note however, Monday installations are not always achievable based on delivery of lift from the factory and site location (Lift deliveries to Ireland are always one week later). Should you cancel the delivery after your date is confirmed then a charge may apply. 
PLEASE NOTE: Our works are a 2nd fix activity, not a first fix activity like conventional lift    
installations.

>Stage 4: Pre-Installation Site Check
Base conduct a pre installation site check on every installation site. The Project Engineer will make contact 4 weeks prior to planned installation date to confirm project is on track and arrange for a visit to  complete the Pre-Installation Site Check – this is usually completed 2 weeks before installation but must be completed no later than the Wednesday prior to the scheduled installation week.  If you would like to arrange for a visit earlier than scheduled, we can usually accommodate this, please contact the Project Engineer/Installation Department.  

>Stage 5: O & M Manuals
On completion of the lift installation, which includes weight testing and final commissioning, we will provide you with test certificates and O&M manuals. These are verified and signed at Base’s office therefore please allow up to 2 weeks for receipt of these documents. 

>Stage 6: Warranty
After 12 months from the date of test & commission, your lift service contract will expire. To ensure the continuance of your 5 year parts warranty you must maintain regular and professional servicing by an Aritco approved servicing company. We will contact you one month prior to the expiry date to discuss your ongoing service options to fully maintain your lift and your warranty. We always recommend you renew your contact with Gartec and can advise the most suitable service routine for your lift. 


CLIENTS PROVISIONS – PLA (INTERNAL LOCATION)

>	BUILDING WORKS
a)	Building / lift interfaces completed- to approved drawing and loadings drawing
i)	Building structure and mast fixing points 
ii)	Finished floor levels 
iii)	Apertures through floors       
iv)	Landing entrance apertures (full shaft width and door frame height plus ramp height if applicable) 
v)	Load bearing fixing point for L-bracket or mast fixings suitable for loads on building requirements drawing
b)	Pit floor level (not screed) finished with oil resistant paint and adjacent walls painted with emulsion (else ramp)
c)	If travel exceeds 4m or there is not level access to the lowest landing a “Lift Shaft Tower” must be provided
d)	The site has been surveyed and it is confirmed that asbestos is not present in any form or position to present a hazard to the installation team
e)	Edge protection at each floor level (to scaffolding standards including kick board)
f)	If there is not level access to the lowest landing (basement) the client must provide a suitably tested lifting beam rated at a minimum of 500kg SWL.
g)	If mast cladding is specified then access scaffolding must be erected / dismantled by the client to rear of mast.
h)	Removal of edge protection and scaffolding on request

>	POWER SUPPLY
a)	*To the lift specification (1-phase or 3-phase electrical supply):
A dedicated electrical supply with 20amp MCB (type C) and a 30mA tripping 20amp terminated at an isolator adjacent to and in view of, the electrical cabinet. This must not incorporate any form of energy saving by voltage reduction
b)	Activation of electrical supply to isolator on request
c)	An 115v supply (or 230v to power 115v transformer) at each floor level for power tools
d)	If temporary power is provided from a generator (for installation only) this must be via the isolator and have capacity of 10kVA (3-phase) or 4.5kVA (1-phase) supplied with appropriate lengths of leads with male/female connectors; in this event a chargeable 2 man day rate return visit will be required to test and commission 
e)	*If a telephone or Auto dialler is specified a connection to a functional client’s telephone system (coiled 2m length of phone cable adjacent to the cabinet position). If an Auto dialler is specified an analogue signal is required and the line-in number and destination numbers provided for programming. If an Intercom is specified then location of handset will need to be agreed and 2 core cable provided to remote location if applicable
f)	If a fire alarm interface is required there needs to be a 2-core fire cable supplied, 2m coiled at the electrical cabinet and connected to normally open contacts

>	ACCESS AND STORAGE
a)	Off-site storage costs will be charged if agreed installation date is delayed by more than 1 week
b)	Shaft and surrounds must be clear and unobstructed
c)	Dry storage adjacent to installation area (approx 3m x 4m)
d)	Safe vehicle unloading area with adjacent short term storage
e)	Safe, clear and level access route to lowest floor level suitable for manual movement of major components to installation area. (3m x 1m x 300kg)
f)	Safe access route to other floor levels suitable for movement of other components to installation area (2m x 1m x 0.3m x 100 kg)
g)	Installation area clear and protected from and to other trades
h)	Competent manual handling assistance as detailed in Method Statement
i)	Facility for the disposal of non-hazardous waste

>	COMPLETION OF INSTALLATION
a)	*Attendance for immediate acceptance of installation on commissioning and clients/staff training
b)	Should the lift not be completed due to site conditions (temporary power, no phone line etc.) then a charge will apply to return for a test & commission
c)	Making good between lift enclosure and adjacent structure is the client’s responsibility
d)	Contact details and addresses for arrangement of servicing visits during the warranty period
*These items must be completed before the Installation can be CE marked


Following the UK’s exit from the European Union and in the event that there is or is likely to be an adverse impact upon the costs involved in discharging our obligations under this Agreement and/or upon the timeous discharge of our obligations, we reserve the right to terminate this Agreement on the expiry of 7 calendar days following the issue of a notice of termination unless, in the meantime, both parties have, following a re-negotiation of the relevant terms, agreed to a revision of those terms.

TERMS OF PAYMENT:
50% Deposit
45% 4 weeks prior to the agreed delivery date
5% Upon installation date

(If payment terms are not met by the above deadlines, delivery and/or installation will be delayed.)

LEAD TIME: 12-16 working weeks from approval of drawings (excluding Summer and Christmas shutdown periods). To be confirmed at the time of order. 

OFF-SITE STORAGE: £165.00 per lift per week (applicable after 1 week delay)

No retentions will be applicable.  

LIQUIDATED DAMAGES – the maximum we will accept is 1% of the lift price, per week, up to a maximum of 8 weeks.

DAY WORK RATE:  
£970.00 (return chargeable visit)
Aborted installations or deliveries due to reasons out of our control will incur any associated transportation & hire equipment costs.

WARRANTY:
The lift is offered with a 12-month manufacturer’s parts warranty, which is subject to regular maintenance being carried out in accordance with the manufacturer’s recommendations. Base can provide a 12-month service contract, which is available as a separate negotiation, unless stated as included. 

CANCELLATION: min £500 +VAT, subject to stage of completion.

*The quotation assumes the commission and test can be completed following installation to avoid the cost of a return visit. 

("Subject to final survey" can change product footprinting design)

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 53387261-3d94-434f-8a7b-22e07bebe74d
- **Company UUID:** a9319261-0d66-4cc7-9d9c-22e0758e5b7b
- **Quote Date:** 2025-09-12 09:22:54
