---
job_id: Bas-1394
date: 2025-05-23
category: New Installation
status: Work Order
amount_gbp: 17520.0
quote_sent: False
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: e5fa4533-b02e-42d9-914c-228946e65c3b
sm8_uuid: 06835185-fe2f-49c3-83bd-22cc32ed9b8d
---

# Bas-1394

**Date:** 2025-05-23 | **Status:** Work Order | **Category:** New Installation

## Amount
**GBP 17,520.00**

## Address
'Council House', Marylebone Rd,, London, NW1 5PT, United Kingdom

## Billing Address
Schindler Ltd - (Vendor Number for Base 1281262) 'Council House', Marylebone Rd, London NW1 5PT

## Description
1 x Logic Incline Lift - Council House
TERMS OF PAYMENT:
50% Deposit
45% 4 weeks prior to the agreed delivery date
5% Upon installation date

(If payment terms are not met by the above deadlines, delivery and/or installation will be delayed.)

LEAD TIME: 3-6 working weeks from approval of drawings (excluding Summer and Christmas shutdown periods). To be confirmed at the time of order.

OFF-SITE STORAGE: £165.00 per lift per week (applicable after 1 week delay)

No retentions will be applicable.

Liquidated damages – the maximum we will accept is 1% of the lift price, per week, up to a maximum of 8 weeks.

DAY WORK RATE:
£750.00 (return chargeable visit)
Aborted installations or deliveries due to reasons out of our control will incur any associated transportation & hire equipment costs.

WARRANTY:
12 Months on parts. Labour is not included.

*The quotation assumes the commission and test can be completed following installation to avoid the cost of a return visit.

("Subject to final survey" can change product foot printing design)

## Work Done
Bas129-Q3901

1 x Logic Incline Lift - Council House

1) Rip out, remove from the site and recycle the existing lift

and

2) Install and Supply a one-off Logic Incline Lift

Specifications:

Control of bars and platform: automatic version
Platform dimensions: 1000X800 mm
Load capacity: 250 kg
Batteries: Standard
Platform access: Lateral + frontal (adjacent access)
Ramps: LH - Standard RH: Standard
Installation site: indoor
Side of the installation: left-handed
Maximum rail length: 5,5 mt
Lower parking: Straight
Upper parking: flush with the last riser
Fixing method: Self supporting adjustable feet
Platform color: Shade similar to RAL 7011
Rail color: Silver anodized
Fixing colours: 9006
Radio floor controls (n° 2 units): Included

OPTIONAL ITEMS:

Auxiliary foldable seat (wander lead is suggested) - £350.00
Safety belt - £80.00


**UNLESS EXPRESSLY DETAILED, THE QUOTE DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY BUILDERS WORKS OR DECORATION

**Offered Subject to Final Survey**

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | No |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 06835185-fe2f-49c3-83bd-22cc32ed9b8d
- **Company UUID:** e5fa4533-b02e-42d9-914c-228946e65c3b
- **Quote Date:** 2025-05-23 15:32:35
