---
job_id: Bas-2143
date: 2025-08-01
category: New Installation
status: Unsuccessful
amount_gbp: 21480.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: f98551bc-fb67-4634-a3bc-228949fc360b
sm8_uuid: 92e6cdb5-2576-437e-9399-23126c2745ad
---

# Bas-2143

**Date:** 2025-08-01 | **Status:** Unsuccessful | **Category:** New Installation

## Amount
**GBP 21,480.00**

## Address
Regus House,  Victory Way,  Crossways Business Park,  Dartford,  Kent DA2 6QD

## Billing Address
1st Floor, Regus Admirals Park Victory Way Dartford, DA2 6QD

## Description
budget cost to supply and fit a Pollock Home lift in Southampton

## Work Done
1) To rip out and remove the existing unit from site and skip it away

&

2) To design, manufacture, supply, install and test one-off Through floor lift VM31

Internal Carriage Size: Please note the internal size of the standard wheelchair carriage is 740mm wide x 1150mm
long. 250kg safe working load, with an automatic powered door. Other sizes are available if required; please ensure that this size is satisfactory.

Note: This price is based on forming the lift aperture through the first floor assuming that the property has
conventional timber joists and not engineered joists, and does not include for any unforeseen work, i.e., gas / water
pipes, or any additional electrical work. Should any unforeseen work be found when the floor has been lifted, we will
contact you immediately to discuss your options.
Please would you also ensure that the upstairs room where the lift is to be sited is emptied of all furniture (where
possible), to allow our engineers access to lift the floor and form the lift aperture, also the downstairs room will need
space around where the lift is to be positioned. Failure to do this could incur additional costs.
Building Control may require structural calculations in order to complete the application. The above prices does not
include provision for this and will be an additional charge.

IMPORTANT:
Please note that if the ceiling in this property is decorated with ‘Artex’. Environmental Health now instructs that all ‘Artex’
ceilings instated prior to the year 2000 should be sample tested to check for asbestos. The additional cost for this sample
testing is £ 120.00.
If the Artex is found to contain asbestos, this will need to be removed by a licensed contractor. Price to be
confirmed at time of order.

**UNLESS EXPRESSLY DETAILED, THE QUOTE DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY BUILDERS WORKS OR DECORATION


**Offered Subject to Final Survey**

TERMS OF PAYMENT:
50% Deposit
45% 4 weeks prior to the agreed delivery date
5% Upon installation date

(If payment terms are not met by the above deadlines, delivery and/or installation will be delayed.)

LEAD TIME: 9-11 working weeks from approval of drawings (excluding Summer and Christmas shutdown periods). To be confirmed at the time of order. 

OFF-SITE STORAGE: £165.00 per lift per week (applicable after 1 week delay)

No retentions will be applicable.  

LIQUIDATED DAMAGES – the maximum we will accept is 1% of the lift price, per week, up to a maximum of 8 weeks.

DAY WORK RATE:  
£970.00 (return chargeable visit)
Aborted installations or deliveries due to reasons out of our control will incur any associated transportation & hire equipment costs.

WARRANTY:
The lift is offered with a 12-month manufacturer’s parts warranty, which is subject to regular maintenance being carried out in accordance with the manufacturer’s recommendations. Base can provide a 12-month service contract, which is available as a separate negotiation, unless stated as included. 

CANCELLATION: min £500 +VAT, subject to stage of completion.

*The quotation assumes the commission and test can be completed following installation to avoid the cost of a return visit. 

("Subject to final survey" can change product footprinting design)

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 92e6cdb5-2576-437e-9399-23126c2745ad
- **Company UUID:** f98551bc-fb67-4634-a3bc-228949fc360b
- **Quote Date:** 2025-08-01 14:38:20
