---
job_id: Bas-1516
date: 2025-06-04
category: Full Refurb/Modernisation
status: Quote
amount_gbp: 33912.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: be7c52ae-1f6a-4ddf-bbbd-22da9125719b
sm8_uuid: 30fe1123-2104-40d3-afa2-22d82b44687d
---

# Bas-1516

**Date:** 2025-06-04 | **Status:** Quote | **Category:** Full Refurb/Modernisation

## Amount
**GBP 33,912.00**

## Address
London SW1E 6JP

## Billing Address
14 Three Kings Yard London W1K 4EH

## Description
4-5 Buckingham Gate - Carry out repairs & reinstate 2 lifts as per scope of works

## Work Done
4-5 Buckingham Gate

Commission EPL1 and EPL2 6-floor duplex control traction passenger lift units into service agreement at a
compliant standard. As previously specified in necessary compliance items, outlined with advanced
refurbishment, that are essential to the renewal project.

For both lifts:
- Carriage lighting complete with emergency lighting.
- Install emergency backup alarm systems.
- Run coaxel camera trailing flex from machine room, full length of shaft, to attach underside of carriage. Drill a hole to the back corner of the lift roof & drop wire into lift carriage for connection to a camera unit.
- Emergency backup system and alarm to include GSM autodialler unit, programmed to Base Line 24 hour
emergency response.
- Indicator diffusers as necessary.
- Lighting diffusers in carriage roof.
- Overhaul landing & carriage pushes, fix damaged contacts & bulbs.
- Car door operator mechanical overhaul.
- Fire recall system to be wired into control panel with assistance from control panel manufacturer and your
own fire engineer.
- Linish the tracks.
- Strip down, renew wiring and test various damaged pressels for lift control.
- Landing doors overhaul and fit new shoes, resulting in reliable door operation.
- Full clean down of lift including machine room, controller, shaft, carriage & pit.
- SAfed examinations to certify both lifts prior to handover.
- LOLER certificates for every safety aspect of lift and certificates issued.

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 30fe1123-2104-40d3-afa2-22d82b44687d
- **Company UUID:** be7c52ae-1f6a-4ddf-bbbd-22da9125719b
- **Quote Date:** 2025-06-04 10:43:58
