---
job_id: Bas-3826
date: 2026-02-19
category: Full Refurb/Modernisation
status: Unsuccessful
amount_gbp: 34800.0
quote_sent: True
invoice_sent: False
payment_received: False
completion_date: N/A
company_uuid: 83525040-0e52-4841-8d1a-22894ee9e18b
sm8_uuid: 8883f09e-060e-4b39-a0ab-23dc3cce1f3d
---

# Bas-3826

**Date:** 2026-02-19 | **Status:** Unsuccessful | **Category:** Full Refurb/Modernisation

## Amount
**GBP 34,800.00**

## Address
High Commission of India India House, Aldwych WC2B 4NA

## Billing Address
High Commission of India India House, Aldwych WC2B 4NA WC2B 4NA

## Description
car lift refurb

## Work Done
Free the door on the top floor, replace door chains & update lock circuitry.
Fix Doors car & landing doors.
Replacing the door chains.
Update the lock circuitry.
Removal of Rubbish.
1 Weeks Labour.
Replace top landing entrance threshold.
Replace existing Ground Floor Landing Threshold Steelwork, with new main support steel and aluminium chequer
Plate ?nish.
Hoarding to protect open shaft.
Lifting Equipment to remove & rei-install landing doors.
1 Weeks Labour.
Builders Work - making good to ?oor around steelwork ONLY
Removal of Rubbish
PLEASE NOTE: - As we were unable to access the top of the lift car during the survey conducted on Friday 25th
August, we cannot con?rm that other parts or areas of the lift may require attenion. We will advise at our earliest opportunity if we ?nd any additional works which may or may not be required.
PAYMENT TERMS: 60% with order and 40% on completion We will also require our own lift tester on site .
We will be on site for 2 weeks

## Financial
| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| Quote Sent | Yes |
| Invoice Sent | No |
| Payment Received | No |
| Completion Date | N/A |

## Metadata
- **Job UUID:** 8883f09e-060e-4b39-a0ab-23dc3cce1f3d
- **Company UUID:** 83525040-0e52-4841-8d1a-22894ee9e18b
- **Quote Date:** 2026-02-19 13:17:18
